What's the matter, Doctor Wu?
Why hasn't our lady written it yet?
I've given him two shots.
Sister Yao, what happened?
you
Why is this bleeding?
No, no, don't look, don't look
Your Golden Needle of Fire is too fierce
This Miss Ye is cold poison
Found the opposite
Maybe Miss Ye's body is too weak.
Doctor Zhang, think of a way
Sister Miao
You two quacks
If something goes wrong today
I want you two to kill you
Can't you take a dog's life?
You can't be fine
What's wrong with you?
Chen Hao
Come back with me to save the doll
It was my fault before I didn't have a medical license
I apologize to you.
Please save the doll
I can go back with you.
But you have to tell me.
Where did you buy this little thing from?
This one.
This is when I went on a trip before.
I think the stones like this look good there.
I picked it up on a whim and made it into a bracelet
Yunhai Mountain